This smoke
Not a good thing
Sister, you don't understand this, right?
Smoke soil is something that even foreigners like
As long as we can open the market with the golden bottle
After that, the ocean will be like flowing water
Yes, Jingyun
You Lin family should help us take care of the family
As the wife of the Gu family
It's your duty
Jingyi
I believe
If only my parents-in-law knew about this
I will believe unconditionally
As long as the Gu family can get better
The Lin family will definitely be fine
Since I am the wife of the Gu family
The Gu family wants to do this business
Of course I am duty-bound
Tomorrow I will go back to the neighbor's house and tell my parents
Invest in tobacco business
That's fine.
I knew our Junyun was the most sensible
Oh, dear.
Beichen, look at how virtuous Junyun is
After you?
But be nice to him.
When are you free?
Go to his room and have a seat.
You see, you've been married for so many years.
No child yet
Ah, I know, mother.
Lin Jianyuan, it seems that you are not very smart either.
Just wait as long as I do a good job in the cigarette gambling business
Your neighbor will die
Jin Yumei, the bright future you think
Will be crushed by my own hands